Antonio David this is going to be very good for him
in quotes because now every time
Antonio David messes with them they are
going to respond and they are going to give
Antonio David a click from the past you
said this you said that then
these people missed the gossip from
last year with Marta Riesco Where is
Marta Riesco Where is Marta Riesco speaking
here and these people are not going to hold back in
saying absolutely nothing I have to
go and make a pipica I can't stand
Antonio David any more nor water how wrong
you are Yes On the one hand yes you could be right I do
n't know because in part yes it
could be that they ignore Antonio David so as
not to give him the spotlight and to not give him
repercussions and so that he falls into
oblivion But on the other hand I think that
for the worse they could mention him that he
shared a table with you at least
one day here on the program with me Nacho
Polo Look that they bring Nacho Polo
how many people would be in the afternoon watching
Nacho Polo there face to face with
Víctor Sandoval who has to
speak first it will be  a bit like the moderator of
the table